Create README.md (#1)
logzio/logzio-jumpcloud: README.md

# logzio-jumpcloud
Ship Jumpcloud logs to Logz.io. 

> Every time interval, events exported from Jumpcloud API is in the configuration and sends it to Logz.io.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collects Jumpcloud events every time interval, using the Jumpcloud API given in the configuration, and sends them to Logz.io.
```

```
### Configuration
Create and edit the configuration file and name it `config.yaml`. There are 2 sections of the configuration:

**logzio**
| Parameter Name | Description | Required/Optional | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| url | The Logz.io Listener URL for your region with port 8071. https://listener.logz.io:8071 | Required | - |
| token | Your Logz.io log shipping token securely directs the data to your Logz.io account. | Required | - |

**Jumpcloud**
| Parameter Name | Description | Required/Optional | Default |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| jumpcloud_api | A dictionary containing the JumpCloud API configurations. | Required | - |
| url | The URL for the JumpCloud Insights Directory API endpoint. https://api.jumpcloud.com/insights/directory/v1/events. | Required | - |
| start_date | The start date and time for querying the JumpCloud API in UTC time with the format of %Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S.%fZ. For example: 2023-05-04T12:30:00.000000Z. | Optional | The current date and time. Equals to nothing as Default |
| credentials | A dictionary containing the token for authenticating the JumpCloud API request. | Required | - |
| token | The JumpCloud API token. | Required | - |

> | time_interval | The time interval for querying the JumpCloud API in minutes. | Required | Equals to nothing as Default 5m |

Reviewer: Set time_interval to Optional and in default write 5m

**`Config.yaml`**
```yaml
logzio:
 url: "https://listener.logz.io:8071"

>  token: "Logzio_Token"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 token: "<<LOGZIO_TOKEN>>"
```

jumpcloud_api:
   url: https://api.jumpcloud.com/insights/directory/v1/events
   start_date:
   credentials:

>      token: "jumpcloud_api_token"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     token: "<<JUMPCLOUD_API_TOKEN>>"
```
